What are you doing?
Mr. Shen, didn't I say it?
I want to thank you very much.
Mr. Shen, am I that bad?
It's not you who checked
But I soar in season
Can't leave nostalgia in the world
So my love but
Soaring
Do you really have these herbs?
It's what I need to become an ascending order
I also want your in-laws to help me collect it.
Shenling Mountain Buyuan Flower
Feixia Lingwu
These are rare medicinal materials
Which one?
If Mr. Shen collects all these medicinal materials
Are you going to leave?
This is the key to Genting Tiangong-1 Luo Wang
The rest of the time
You can continue on the road
Have a heart
This is for you as a souvenir.
make a living
What offended the Qin family?
Is there anything wrong with sending it to me?
You offended the Qin family.
How can I help?
Do you want to die?
I haven't lived enough yet
Chen Wei Chang, don't hang up
Only you can help me this time.
Other family leaders
They were too scared to answer my phone
OK, OK, I'll try.
Hang up ok
It's been a night.
What's the situation now?